# resource_name Resource

The ```resource_name``` resource is a representation of the generated name from the Azure Naming Tool.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "aznamingtool_resource_name" "example" {
  environment = "dev"
  organization = "MyOrg"
  location = "weu"
  resource_type = "vm"
  resource_type_id = 85
  project = "myProject"
  instance = "1"
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `environment` - (Optional) The environment where the resource will be deployed, such as `development`, `staging`, or `production`.
* `organization` - (Optional) The name of the organization that owns or manages the resource.
* `location` - (Optional) The geographic location where the resource is deployed. This could be a data center location, region, or specific site.
* `resource_type` - (Optional) The type of resource being created or managed, such as `VM`, `Database`, or `Storage`.
* `resource_type_id` - (Optional) A unique identifier for the resource type. This is typically an integer value.
* `project` - (Optional) The project associated with the resource. This is useful for categorizing resources under different projects within an organization.
* `instance` - (Optional) An identifier for the specific instance of the resource, useful in scenarios where multiple instances of the same resource type exist.
* `business_unit` - (Optional) The business unit within the organization that the resource belongs to, aiding in organizational management and cost allocation.
* `custom_components` - (Optional) A set of custom components or tags associated with the resource, allowing for additional metadata or categorization.

> Note: The definition of which arguments are required is determined by the policy configuration in the Azure Naming Tool. Ensure that your configuration complies with the policies set in the Azure Naming Tool to avoid validation errors.

## Attributes Reference

* `id` - A unique identifier for the resource. This is generated by the provider and used to reference the resource in other parts of the configuration.
* `name` - The name of the resource as configured or generated. This is often a combination of other attributes to create a unique and meaningful name.
* `created_at` - The timestamp when the resource was created. This is typically in ISO 8601 format (e.g., `2023-08-01T12:34:56Z`), and is useful for auditing and management purposes.

